living walkthrough for Nixon
walkthroughs calm and I said in last
video I go through the oblivion gate
when i'm actually going through Livy
entire to close a blue moon gate and
there's Bolivian tires gates gates
entire incisional stones in it I'll be
able to call it a gate once i get to the
great gate which won't be for a little
while so well as i said this is for next
in boxers calm you're gonna want to go
to their website and um i guess it's
gonna be wicked game guide soon I don't
know maybe but yeah good websites
awesome website yeah anyway I think
there's a trap up there looks eerily
like a trap and for some reason didn't
hit me and this drum or churl is really
easy such a more I mean a long guy I
don't know this game like that's really
weird this game rips off a lot of things
which is still pretty good like Star
Wars I don't know if star versus out
like got enough for stars since out
before this game at think i'm pretty
sure was but um scandal sells a lot of
resemblances to lose a lot of
resemblances to lord of the rings and i
just finished reading all three of those
books which is like thousand pages like
size 10 texts with like no spacing
between the sentences it's a really long
book but it's a really good book but i
don't know if you just read that it's
kind of know it's really i can't think
of anything well I can't I could think
of a bunch of things right now but this
game resemblances Lord of the Rings a
lot in it because you know Martin
somewhat like photo somewhat somewhat
like Frodo he has to go destroy the evil
person and the person sharing the world
it's like Soren so yeah anyway this
tower is one of the longer towers
actually for revealed approval tower and
did a um I end up cutting this one and a
half so yeah um I think I get to some
quarters of dark salvation or so
that's really an awesome name though I
think corridors of dog left dark
salvation that's just such company but
uh living towers been much the same
between everything as usual just keep
ending up I decided to skip those guys
because I don't know sometimes it's just
not worth killing them because it just
doesn't work that if you want to stay
there and actually kill them all then go
ahead but I'd I just don't think it's
worth killing them a lot of the times
and they'll usually follow you which so
it probably is worth killing them right
away because I will follow you but you
know so anyway these two more people
would keep following me my help it's
really low here and I just keep getting
potions drink emotions i guess and it's
games actually pretty hard about potions
like i don't know i really have no idea
how you'd be able to survive if you
didn't have potions guys unless you
played on easy or something or kill them
one at a time it's just there's no way
you could do this about potions just no
way at all so anyway oh that's somewhat
nearing the end of this video so i guess
i'll just stop talking here there isn't
really much else to say just go through
and i guess i'll talk in the next
yeah yeah
you